me a planet brisket we got a barbecue
shoes whose are you gonna smoke me a bad
brisket I got my barbecue shoes on my
case
from the barbecue pit boys calm today
we're cooking up some Pale Ale muscles
at the pit and it's real easy to do all
right I have about four pounds of
muscles here they've been cleaned and
picked and these are gonna be good now
for this recipe you're gonna need some
time you're gonna need some garlic
you're gonna need some shallots and
you're gonna need some parsley and
you're going to need a 28 ounce can of
diced tomatoes some SPG some red pepper
flakes and here's the magic you're gonna
need some american-style pale ale
now just prep these veggies and the
chicken is sure as hell glad we're not
doing chicken at the pit today yeah all
right the veggies have been prepped now
let's put it together and here I've got
a Dutch oven I'm putting Direct over the
hot coals because we're gonna be
sauteing
I'm gonna add a couple tablespoons
cooking oil use olive oil and to that
we're gonna add those shallots and it's
about a half a cup of chopped shallots
now if you don't have Charlotte's you
could use some money now
you got some garlic going in here about
6 cloves of minced garlic now be careful
you don't want to overcook these
shallots garlic just cook them down just
for a minute or two now you add one
28-ounce can of diced tomatoes and these
happen to have some chopped jalapeno for
increased heat you could just use
regular diced tomatoes and now I'm
putting about a third of a cup of
parsley in there and also about a
tablespoon or two of chopped thyme now
red pepper flakes about three or four
tablespoons going there some SPG
yeah makes it in good now you can adjust
the heat quantities the way you like
more or less red pepper flake that's
pitmaster privilege now here's those
muscles and archives said about four
pounds then pitched and cleaned and all
about that right and of course as I said
the magic and here we've got some pale
ale and I'd say use your favorite ale
but the bitters in this go perfect with
these muscles you definitely gotta check
this out so we're gonna put a couple
bottles in there to twelve ounce bottles
you could you can go two and a half
bottles and save the rest for the
pitmaster it's up to you all right
we're slight mix
we're gonna be eating good you get
hungry or what now we're gonna cook
these just put the cover on and you cook
them until the shells open up you know
about cooking clams right shellfish
look at that Oh about halfway through
they're starting to open up that pale
ale in there garlic shallots shouldn't
take you more than fifteen ten minutes
Ted slow simmer
getting on
all right through the miracle of time
these pale ale muscles are done take a
look at that
got some left to do now but I eat it up
if you smell that it smells good
I say it's time to eat
now just throw a little bit of butter on
the top everything goes better with
butter cut some French bread and what
bread you got it's all about dipping
that bread and juices
of course we do apologize freaking
funny--i like this but we call this pit
master privilege
thumbs up
so the next time you're looking for a
barbecue and grilling recipes your pick
check out barbecue divorce